I can see it in your eyes, you're angry
Regret got shit on what you're feeling now
Mad cause he ain't like me
Oh you mad cause nobody ever did it like me
All the care I would take, all the love that we made
Now you're trying to find somebody to replace what I gave to you
It's a shame you didn't keep it, Alicia, Katia
I know that you gon' hear this, I'm the man
Yeah I said it, bitch I'm the man
Don't you forget it
The way you walk, that's me

The way you've got your hair up, did you forget that's me?
And the voice in your speaker right now, that's me
And the voice in your ear, that's me
Can't you see that I made it? Yeah I made it
First I made you who you are, then I made it
And you're wasted with your ladies
Yeah I'm the reason why you always getting faded

Take a shot for me, ooh


A shot for me
Okay look, I'm honest
Girl I can't lie, I miss you
You and the music were the only things that I commit to
I never cheated, for the record, back when I was with you
But you believe in everything but me girl, I don't get you
She says I know you changed, I never see you
Cause you're always busy doing things
I really wish she had a different way of viewing things
I think the city that we're from just kinda ruined things
It's such a small place, not much to do but talk and listen
The men are jealous and the women all in competition
And now your friends telling you stories that you often misinterpret
And taint all the images of your "Mr. Perfect"
I could tell that you been crying all night, drinking all summer
Praying for your happiness, hope that you recover
This is one I know you hated when you heard it
And it's worse because you know that I deserve it
Take a shot for me
A shot for me
May your neighbors respect you
Trouble neglect you, angels protect you
And heaven accept you

Waited on you for so long
Too many days since January
I'm still sitting here alone
We shoulda did this already
Said I gotta email today
Kinda thought that you forgot about me
But I wanna hit you back to say
Just like you, I get lonely
Baby, I could really get to know you
Take my time and show you
Don't tell anybody what we do
When I get lonely
Take me to another place where I'll be
Face to face, just you and me with no rules
Just like you, I get lonely too
Just like you, I get lonely
Ready for us to get it on
Ain't got a love to call steady
Hope it ain't like that for long
I'll be your friend if you let me
Don't wanna come on strong
'Cause too many people wanna get me
But you know I do what I gotta do
Just like you, I get lonely too
Baby, I could really get to know you
Take my time and show you
Don't tell anybody what we do
When I get lonely
Take me to another place where I'll be
Face to face, just you and me with no rules
Just like you, I get lonely
Just like you
Can I, can I save you from you
'Cause you know there’s something missing
And that champagne you’ve been sippin’s
Not supposed to make you different all the time
It’s starting to feel like the wrong thing to do girl
'Cause with all that recognition it gets hard for you to listen
To the things that I must say to make you mine
But live girl, have some fun girl, we’ll be fine
Trying to convince myself I’ve found one
Making the mistake I never learned from
I swear I always fall for your type, yeah (for your type)
Tell me why I always fall for your type (for your type)
I just can’t explain this shit at all (fall for your type)
I just can’t explain this shit at all (fall for your type)
So who am I to judge you on the past, girl
I bet there’s a reason for it all
You say that you’re nothing like the last girl
I just pray that you don’t let me down right now
It’s too late, I’m already yours
You just gotta promise me, hearts won’t break
And end up like before
I swear I always fall for your type, yeah (for your type)
Tell me why I always fall for your type (for your type)
Look, dress hanging off your shoulder, barely sober
Telling me how you moving away and starting over
Girl, quit playing you just drunk, you just saying shit
Oh you dance, dance like how, like ballet and shit
Oh, wait, no, I get it girl, I’m with it
I’ve been down this road before and yeah I skidded but forget it
Damn, yeah, I wonder why I never learned my lesson
It’s feeling like the second chance and it's the first impression
And I heard it’s nothing new except for someone new
But how you supposed to find the one when anyone will come with you
Talking to myself but I never listen,
'Cause man it’s been a while, and I swear that this ones different
That’s why I’mma take you anywhere you wanna go
Let you meet my friends so they can lecture me again about
How reckless I have been
And I’m slowly running out of all the time that I invest in
Making all the same mistakes
And I’m just trying to correct it and I fall...
I swear I always fall for your type, for your type
Tell me why I always fall for your type, for your type
I just can’t explain this shit at all (fall for your type)
I just can’t explain this shit at all (fall for your type)
This here is on some truthful shit
It seems like everything I do, you're used to it
And I hate hearing stories bout who you've been with
That's when I gotta hide what I'm feeling inside
So you still think I'm confident, and damn
Is this gonna last?
You're up on a pedestal, are we moving too fast?
Feels like I'm in crazy competition with the past
That's why I gotta ask

Is anything I'm doin' brand new?
Brand new (brand new) Brand new (brand new), brand new
Is anything I'm doin' brand new?
Brand new (brand new), brand new, brand new, brand new
Oh, girl (ay, ay, ay)

This here is something personal
I highly doubt this feeling is reversible
Knowledge is pain and that is why it hurts to know
That you attempt to hide and put mistakes aside
So I don't ever question you, and damn
I can't even find the perfect brush
So I can paint what's going through my mind
Racing against myself, but I'm a couple steps behind
That's why I gotta ask


Is anything I'm doing brand new?
New, new, new, new, new
Or is everything I'm doing too late?
Late, late, late, late

Did he take your clothes off just like this?
Did he give you loving just like this?
Did you spend the night in his bed on the very first date?
Tell me baby, am I too late?


Is anything I'm doing brand new?
Brand new, brand new, brand new
Show me if this is brand new
New, new, new, oh, yeah

When a good thing goes bad it's not the end of the world
It's just the end of a world, that you had with one girl
And she's the reason it happened, but she's overreacting
And it's all because she don't want things to change
So cry if you need to, but I can't stay to watch you
That's the wrong thing to do
Touch if you need to, but I can't stay to hold you
That's the wrong thing to do
Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you
That's the wrong thing to do
Cause you'll say you love me, and I'll end up lying
And say I love you too
But I need someone different
You know it, oh ho, you know it
Oh ho, you know it, we both know it
I need someone different
You know it, oh ho, you know it
Oh ho, you know it, we both know it
Something's been missing
You know it, oh ho, she knows it
Oh ho, I know it, we all know it
I need someone different (oh ho, oh ho)
We live in a generation of, not being in love, and not being together
But we sure make it feel like we're together
Cause we're scared to see each other with somebody else
So cry if you need to, but I can't stay to watch you
That's the wrong thing to do
Touch if you need to, but I can't stay to hold you
That's the wrong thing to do
Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you
That's the wrong thing to do
Cause you'll say you love me, and I'll end up lying
And say I love you too
But I need someone different
You know it, oh ho, you know it
Oh ho, you know it, we both know it
I need someone different
You know it, oh ho, you know it
Oh ho, you know it, we both know it
Something's been missing
You know it, oh ho, she knows it
Oh ho, I know it, we all know it
I need someone different (Oh ho, oh ho)
Hello, yeah I just walked in, yeah I'm good you still working?
Tonight, right now? 'Did I go out' yeah I went out, I went, I went to a couple of clubs
I never went to bed, shit' wine or water
You should see someone about a cold drink, I don't know, I'm delirious' night'
Cups of the Rose
Bitches in my old phone
I should call one and go home
I've been in this club too long
The woman that I would try
Is happy wit a good guy
But I've been drinking so much
That I'ma call her anyway and say
Fuck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
And since you picked up I know he's not around
I'm just sayin', you could do better
Tell me have you heard that lately?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin', only if you make me
Uh, cups of the XO
All my people been here
I see all of her friends here
Guess she don't have the time to kick it no more
Flights in the morning
What you doing that's so important?
I've been drinking so much
That I'ma call you anyway and say
Fuck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
And since you picked up I know he's not around oh
(Are you drunk right now?)
I'm just sayin', you could do better
Tell me have you heard that lately
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin', only if you make me
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures
And sittin' talkin' 'bout bitches
That we almost had
I don't think I'm conscious of making monsters
Outta the women that I sponsor til it all goes bad
But shit it's all good
We threw a party, yeah we threw a party
Bitches came over, yeah, we threw a party
I was just calling 'cause they were just leaving
Talk to me please, don't have much to believe in
I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?
Too many drinks have been given to me
I got some women that's living off me
Paid for their flights and hotels I'm ashamed
Bet that you know them, I won't say no names
After a while girl they all seem the same
I've had sex four times this week I'll explain
Having a hard time adjusting to fame
Sprite in that mixture, I've been talking crazy girl
I'm lucky that you picked up
Lucky that you stayed on
I need someone to put this weight on
"Well I'm sorry"
"Are you drunk right now?"
I'm just sayin', you could do better
Tell me have you heard that lately
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin', only if you make me
"You're not going to come?"
"Guess I'm bout to just kick it here then"
Just throw up while I hold your hair back
Her white friend said "you niggas crazy"
I hope no-one heard that
I hope no-one heard that
'Cause if they did, we gon' be in some trouble
These days, I'm letting God handle all things above me
The things I can't change are the reasons you love me
Listen you can hear them calling my name
I'm all over the place, I can't sit in one place
I'm not ashamed at all
Still findin' myself, let alone a soulmate, I'm just sayin'
Feel like we one and the same, our relationship changed
That or it never existed
Whenever they say somethin' bout us, you listen
But fuck what they talkin' about on your timeline
That's cuttin' all into my time with you
Fuck what they talkin' about on your timeline
That's cuttin' all into my time with you, my time with you, my
She said you're my everything
I love you through everything
I done did everything to her
She forgave me for everything, this a forever thing
Hate that I treat it like it's a whatever thing
Trust me girl, this shit is everything to me
She from the jungle, she from the jungle
I take somebody else's car, drive there undercover
This shit is everything to me, this shit is everything
Don't know where we stand, I used to hit you 'bout everything
Are we still good? Are we still good?
Are we still good? Are we still good?
If I need to talk are you around?
Are you down for the cause?
Are you down? Are you down? Are you down?
Are you down for the cause?
Are you down? Are you down? Are you down?
Are you down for the cause?
You still down? You still down? You still down?
These days these new girls: they got me nervous
They go to school and do bottle service
They can't decide, they keep switching majors
Being indecisive makes me anxious
Call your number and it's out of service
Who can I call for your information?
What am I supposed to do after we done everything that we've done?
Who is your replacement?
Are we still good? Are we still good?
Are we still good? Are we still good?
Yesterday when we were getting high, you were invited.
You would've liked it. I-I know you all too well.
I said that we could kiss the past goodbye, but you weren't excited, there's no way to fight it.
You can stay but shawty here I go...
Uh, should I spend the weekend in Vegas?
I'm living inside a moment, not taking pictures to save it.
I mean, how could I forget? My memories never faded.
I can't relate to these haters, my enemies never made it.
I am, still here with who I started with.
The game needed life, I put my heart in it.
I blew myself up, I'm on some martyr shit.
Carried the weight for my city like a cargo ship.
Uh. I'm 23, with a money tree.
Growing more too, I just planted a hundred seeds.
It's ironic, 'cause my mother was a flourist,
and that's how she met my pops and now my garden is enourmous.
It's happening Penny Lane, just like you said.
I avoided the Coke game, and went with Sprite instead.
Uh huh, that's word to the millions that they putting up.
I'm trying to do better than good enough.
What am I afraid of? This is suppose to be what dreams are made of.
But people I don't have the time to hang with, always look at me and say the same shit..(they say)
You promised me you would never change.
You promised me you would never change.
Uh. Am I wrong for making light of my situation? Clap on.
When 40 got some shit for me to snap on.
Now that I'm on, I don't really want to worry about getting back on.
I'm just trying to stay on, get my fucking buffet on.
I heard they just moved my grandmother to a nursing home.
And I be acting like I don't know how to work a phone.
But hit redial you see that I just called, some chick I met at the mall,
that I barley know at all and..
Plus this woman that I messed with unprotected
Texting saying that she wish she would've kept it.
The one that I'm laying next to just looked over and read it.
Man I couldn't tell you where the fuck my head is, I'm holding on by a thread it's..
Like I'm high right now, the guy right now, and you can tell by looking in my eyes right now.
That nothing really comes as a surprise right now,
'cause we just having the time of our lives right now.


What am I afraid of? This is suppose to be what dreams are made of.
But people I don't have the time to hang with, always look at me and say the same shit..(they say)
You promised me you would never change.
You promised you would never change.

Well all right. Uh. I live by some advices, girl Lisa told me.
The other day, Lisa told that she missed the old me.
Which made me question when I went missing.
And when I start treating my friends different.
Maybe it was the fast paced switch up.
Or the two guns in my face during the stick up.
Maybe cause the girl I thought I trusted was who set the whole shit up.
Or the fact I haven't seen em since they locked Big Rich up.
I know. At the same time I'm quick to forget.
I'm bout to roll me up a blunt with my list of regrets.
Burn it all, burn it all, I'm starting it fresh.
Cause half the time I got it right I probably guessed.
Did I just trade free time for camera time?
Will I blow all of this money baby, Hammer Time?
I just need some closure.
Aint no turning back for me I'm in till it's over.
[Verse 1: Drake]
Done sayin' I'm done playin'
Last time was on the outro
Stuck in the house, need to get out mo'
I've been stackin' up like I'm fund-raisin'
Most people in my position get complacent
Wanna come places with star girls, and then end up on them front pages
I'm quiet with it; I just ride with it
Moment I stop havin' fun with it, I'll be done with it
I'm the only one that's puttin' shots up
And like a potluck, you need to come with it
Don't run from it, like H-Town in the summer time, I keep it 100
Met a lot of girls in my times there, word to Paul Wall, not one fronted
I was birthed there in my first year, man I know that place like I come from it
Backstage at Warehouse in '09 like "Is Bun comin'?
Fuck that, is anyone comin' before I show up there and there's no one there?"
These days, I could probably pack it for like twenty nights if I go in there
Back rub from my main thing, I've been stressed out
Talkin' to her like back then they didn't want me, I'm blessed now
Talkin' to her like this drop, bet a million copies get pressed out
She tell me, "Take a deep breath, you're too worried about bein' the best out"

Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
There's no need for us to rush it through
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
This is more than just a new lust for you

Uh -
Someone go tell Noel to get the Backwoods
Money got my whole family goin' backwards
No dinners, no holidays, no nothin'
There's issues at hand that we're not discussin'
I did not sign up for this
My uncle used to have all these things on his bucket list
And now he's actin' like "Oh well, this is life, I guess." Nah, fuck that shit
Listen man, you can still do what you wanna do, you gotta trust that shit
Heard once that in dire times when you need a sign, that's when they appear
Guess since my text message didn't resonate, I'll just say it here
I hate the fact my mom cooped up in her apartment, tellin' herself
That she's too sick to get dressed up and go do shit, like that's true shit
And all my family from the M-Town that I've been 'round
Started treatin' me like I'm "him" now
Like we don't know each other, we ain't grow together, we just friends now
Shit got me feelin' pinned down, pick the pen up and put the pen down
I'm writin' to you from a distance like a pen pal, but we've been down
I should be downtown, whipping on the way to you
You got something that belongs to me
Your body language says it all
Despite the things you said to me
Who is it that's got you all gassed up?
Changing your opinion on me
I was only gone for the last few months
But you don't have the time to wait on me

I try with you
There's more to life than sleeping in
And getting high with you
I had to let go of us to show myself what I could do
And that just didn't sit right with you
And now you're trying to make me feel a way, on purpose
Now you're throwing it back in my face, on purpose
Now you're talking down on my name, on purpose
And you don't feel no way, you think I deserve it

Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way
I've stopped listening to things you say
Cause you don't mean it anyway, yeah
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way
Maybe we should have just did things my way
Instead of the other way

I tried with you
There's more to life than sleeping in
And getting high with you
I had to let go of us to show myself what I could do
And that just didn't sit right with you
And now you're trying to make me feel a way, on purpose
Now you're throwing it back in my face, on purpose
Now you're talking down on my name, on purpose
And you don't feel no way, you think I deserve it

Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way
I've stopped listening to things you say
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way
I've stopped listening to things you say
t's over yeah it's over yeah I'm leaving I'm gone
I can't stay here no more and I can't sleep on the floor
Man, I'm leaving I'm leaving, you know I got my reasons
Yeah I'm leaving yeah I'm leaving yeah I'm leaving I'm gone
Yeah I'm leaving I'm gone
I had to knock down the wall
Yeah I swear to God that I'm gone
I'm leaving I'm leaving
No looking back when I'm gone
No more 

It's over yeah it over yeah I'm leaving I'm gone
I've been doing this wrong I've been here for too long
Yeah I'm leaving I'm leaving you know I got my reasons
Yeah I'm leaving yeah I'm leaving I'm leaving I'm gone
I don't wanna miss the boat I don't wanna sit in coach
I don't wanna sit in home I gotta get where I'm going
I'm afraid I'm a die before I get where I'm going
I know I'm a be alone
I know I'm out on my own
I just gotta know the road
I just gotta hit the road


Something is said don't say that again
I just been out and bad from way back when
I can't be out here on no laid back shit
I can't be out here on no laid back shit
You got something to say then say that thing
I just been out and bad from way back when
I gotta get on the road I gotta get on the road
I ain't looking back no more, no no no
No more
I... I gotta go out and get it, want you to know what I did
Want you to know how it went
That's why I keep telling you over and over again
Just let me go just let me go let bring it home to you
Just let me go let me bring it home to you

Now and forever I'll bring it home to you
Just let me go let me bring it home
Let me go let me bring it home to you
Let me go let me bring it home
Now and forever I'll bring home to you
Let me go let me bring it home to you
Let me go let bring it home to you
Now and forever I'll bring it home

